Update contribution guidelines for clarity and process (#4312)
nasa/fprime: CONTRIBUTING.md

`devel` branch. You can help this process by submitting any deferred or future work items as issues using the links
above.

## Project Structure

The F´ project is designed as a base software [framework](https://github.com/nasa/fprime) with additional
[packages](https://github.com/fprime-community) designed to extend the framework. This means that occasionally we may
move contributions in or out of these packages.

Key packages include:

- [fpp](https://github.com/fprime-community/fpp): fpp development repository
- [fprime-tools](https://github.com/fprime-community/fprime-tools): `fprime-util` development repository
- [fprime-gds](https://github.com/fprime-community/fprime-gds): `fprime-gds` development repository

### F´ Repository Structure

Contributors to the [fprime](https://github.com/nasa/fprime) repository should understand the following key folders:

- [docs/UsersGuide](https://github.com/nasa/fprime/tree/devel/docs/UsersGuide): add new documentation in this or a subfolder
- [Fw](https://github.com/nasa/fprime/tree/devel/Fw): changes here will be reviewed carefully because this code is critical across F

> - [Ref](https://github.com/nasa/fprime/tree/devel/Ref): update and maintain the Reference application here

Reviewer: These paths do not exist anymore, I recommend pointing to the "A Tour of the Source Tree" page:

```suggestion
Contributors to the [fprime](https://github.com/nasa/fprime) repository should refer to the following guide to understand the repository structure: [A Tour of the Source Tree](docs/user-manual/overview/source-tree.md)
```
